class-definitions-order:
- tools
- classnames
- extends
- docstrings
- signals
- enums
- consts
- staticvars
- exports
- pubvars
- prvvars
- onreadypubvars
- onreadyprvvars
- others
class-load-variable-name: .*
class-name: .*
class-variable-name: .*
comparison-with-itself: null
constant-name: .*
disable: []
duplicated-load: null
enum-element-name: .*
enum-name: .*
excluded_directories: !!set
  .git: null
expression-not-assigned: null
function-argument-name: .*
function-arguments-number: 10
function-name: .*
function-preload-variable-name: .*
function-variable-name: .*
load-constant-name: .*
loop-variable-name: .*
max-file-lines: 1000
max-line-length: 100
max-public-methods: 20
max-returns: 6
mixed-tabs-and-spaces: null
no-elif-return: null
no-else-return: null
signal-name: .*
sub-class-name: _.*
tab-characters: 1
trailing-whitespace: null
unnecessary-pass: null
unused-argument: null
